[Music]
as you listened and implemented advice
from NCIX employees on their MEC five
gaming keyboards so this is from their
levitron series of keyboards it is a
mechanical keyboard and I'm not gonna
say who the NCIX employees were but if
there's anything you don't like about
this keyboard then I hope that you have
a keyboard yourself that is capable of
writing Russian characters so that you
can email the NZXT employee who is
responsible for your dissatisfaction
mechanical Keys the cherry black
mechanical key switch is widely believed
to provide the best gaming experience
featuring a linear design ideal for rap
depressing of keys on the right
stiffness to help prevent accidental key
press it also has a dedicated key for
turning the Windows key on and off
personally I don't use that but some
people do has a numeric keyboard that
can actually be attached and then
detached to put either on the right or
the left side of the keyboard which i
think is kinda neat you can also just
take it right off and use it as a
standalone USB keyboard just by keypad
which is kind of neat some people like
those antique ghosting ensures multiple
keys register when you press them
simultaneously that's good
modular design attached for modular
accessories okay unlimited profiles
created to save as many profiles as you
like for maximum key customization
require softens and that's cool because
I can't imagine a reason why anyone's
keyboard software actually has a limit
to how many profiles but they all do and
this one doesn't meet the add-on macro
d-pad expansion allows for six
additional programmable keys the
expansion module rail enables custom
position by sliding the d-10 left to
right so I'll show you guys that after
volume knob water-resistant remain
functional even if accidentally exposed
to liquid in such an event do not flip
or shake the keyboard and the liquid
will properly drain itself
it's gonna be lifetime support by phone
live chat email and including the
warranty okay you can phone their
support about your warranty but your
warranty is three years here is the
keyboard itself so you can see it looks
like a no number pad keyboard when you
first take it out of the box but then
you will find all of modular accessories
and hoo-hah that you didn't initially
see once you take the keyboard itself
out there's their packaging here is
their extra USB cable which I will show
you what it's for in a minute here is
modular d-pad do dad do dad nice I
satisfy even myself with my quirkiness
sometimes alright we have the included
software which you'll need for your
programmable keys with unlimited
profiles your Quick Start Guide which
pretty much shows you how a keyboard
works okay I don't think I'll be needing
that and then we have so we had a look
at the metaphor in fact slick pointed
out fascinating a fascinating fact to me
and that is that the MEK 4 was the first
unboxing he ever showed me back when he
was doing his job application so I
thought that was interesting so here we
are we've you've come to the MEK 5 and
this will be the last unboxing he ever
films with me cuz he's fired actually I
only fired him once today usually I fire
him multiple times in a day but then I
always rehire him so he's not too oh
he's not to put off by it at this point
alright in terms of the cable that's
included it is just over one full - arm
span in length includes two wires one
for presumably yes the built-in hub and
the other for the actual data to the
keyboard itself that uses a nice thin
cable though I like that instead of like
one of those super ridiculous cables
just for the sake of you know having a
couple connectors end up at the other
end in terms of the layout of the
keyboard we have what to me is the
there we go we have what to me is the
ideal layout where you've got your long
shift long shift long winter and long
backspace it does have two windows keys
and no function keys however the fact
that you have all these programmable
keys which you can switch between A or B
as well as the dedicated Windows key
means this windows key shouldn't really
bother gamers for the most part ah so
they did not make the mistake of one of
their contemporaries who also builds
mechanical keyboards these are all
mechanical and these are all mechanical
mechanical neither mechanical this is a
full mechanical keyboard with the couple
of small exceptions being the volume
dial clearly if you put a key switch and
it would be stupid
also the window is on and off and the a
and B switch between these programmable
keys these are also not programmable but
it just depends on I mean whether you
want to use them or not and what's cool
is you can put them on flip it away if
you don't feel like using it and flip it
down if you want more macro keys to use
during a gaming session so you'll have
all of these and all of these or you
just won't have them it actually slides
on in much the same way as like you know
like a sniper scope in fact oh look at
this no they even have like shiny like
glassy pieces on the sides and let yeah
it's okay that's totally totally
sniperscope inspired design and that
looks like the rail that you can
actually position it wherever you want
so you can throw it over here if it's
you know here that you desire to have it
and you just put it here if it's here
that you desire to have it it's totally
up to you personally I'd probably put it
right about there because I don't have
much use for f1 and when I'm gaming but
escape might come in handy and you never
know when you might need f5 f5 is like
my favorite key on the keyboard so I
want to know it's not I'd like so I want
to show you guys how this works
basically there's a USB port there's
your USB port and you put the thing into
the thing and then it will sit on the
left of your keyboard tada
or you undo it
or preferably with the switch on the
bottom I put the thing in the thing
preferably with the switch on the bottom
hold that back over open up the other
side and plug it in there and clip it
into place I think it's cool
or if you're one of those people in fact
slick was just pointing out to me a
little while ago
the lack of mechanical detachable
keypads because lots of people like to
use the the shorter keyboards so the
ones without a number pad for general
use then they have their mouse then they
have the keypad on the other side for
like more efficient hand movement this
is a mechanical keypad so it comes with
it all you gotta do is plug in the USB
cable and plug it into your computer and
you have a full mechanical keyboard key
pad including a dedicated calculator
calculator button which I am personally
a huge fan of it is also a very
well-built one with nice long rubber
pads on the bottom as well as two
different height options in terms of how
you want to lay it down on the desk so
check this out
you can either do what in which case it
won't move you can do half inclined in
which case that will actually move a
little bit that's a shame or you can do
fully inclined in which case it won't
move this is probably the one I would go
for cuz I like this angle when I'm
typing on a number pad the keyboard
actually has the same options as well so
you can see here that it's got two of
these where you can do either the full
height the half height or the no height
at all depending on what you're into
wrist rest is oh look at that
permanently attached wrist press that
seems like the kind of thing I might
complain about because it's less
customizable but it isn't because every
keyboard should have a wrist rest and
the ones that are detachable tend to
break so there you go I'm a fan Wow
isn't actually really good has a volume
knob
it doesn't have a number lock light as
you may or may not have noticed because
it's on here that's just an FYI and
that's kind of a cool overall aspect to
a very very nice overall build feel to
not a lot of flex to the to the deck of
the keyboard itself then I'm impressed
so thank you for checking out my
unboxing the first look at the levitron
mech 5 from as you don't forget to
subscribe - tech tips from unboxings
reviews and other computer videos